# Database-C++
Database System in C++


********************************************************  Name      :*Lamia Sheikh,Sungjoon Kim  Student ID:*109452706  Class     :  CSCI 2432HW#       : Movie DataBase Project  Due Date  :  December 6,2019*******************************************************Read Me********************************************************  Description of the program*******************************************************This program creates a database for pictures and actors/actresses, listing their names and awards etc. ********************************************************  Source files*******************************************************Name:main.cpp The main.cpp runs the menu and gives the user options to choose between the films or the actors/actresses for each function. It gives you choices and actions to select from. It will implement this for every function .TreeAct.cpp will store the changing variables and sorting variable. It will include the search. It will change award,name,movie, etc. TreeMovies.cpp has the same actions as Treeact.cpp but it will change the things that relate to the pictures.csv. For example, Name, nomination, rating etc. Act.cpp will create a class for the acting csv it will store and set the values (award,winner,name) as strings. Movies.cpp will do the same thing as Act.cpp but with it's corresponding components(nomination,rating,metacritic,etc).   ********************************************************  Circumstances of programs*******************************************************The program runs successfully.The program was developed and tested on gnu g++ 4.4.2.  It was compiled, run, and tested on gcc csegrid.ucdenver.pvt
********************************************************  How to build and run the program*******************************************************1.  Uncompress the homework.  The homework file is compressed.To uncompress it use the following commands % unzip [SKLSProj]Now you should see a directory named homework with the files: main.cpp makefile Readme.txt.  Build the program.Change to the directory that contains the file by:% cd [SKLSProj]Compile the program by:% make.  Run the program by:% ./SKLSDatabase.out .  Delete the obj files, executables, and core dump by %./make clean

